1. Make sure that the computer's robotpy is up to date with the overall download:
py -m pip install --upgrade robotpy-ctre pyfrc
(this should get everything up to date including wpilib. The one issue with this would be 
that pip will be updated sometime so that will not work. On another hand, if you are not able
to upgrade robotpy onto the C drive, use this:)
py -m pip install --user --upgrade robotpy-ctre pyfrc
(This can be opened and downloaded without any given folder needed)

2. Downloading and updating code onto the robot:
open powershell with the py installer file by pressing shift+RClick (make sure that you have 
py installer in the first place) 
py -m robotpy_installer download-opkg python36-robotpy-ctre (download on computer)
py -m robotpy_installer install-opkg python36-robotpy-ctre (upgrade onto roborio)
and/or
py -m robotpy_installer download-robotpy
py -m robotpy_installer install-robotpy

3. Making sure that the radio is up to date: 
Assure that you have the radio configuration tool
make sure that you have a connection to the outermost ethernet cord connected to your computer
(this wil be titled 802.3af as it says in the directions within the config tool) 
(Just follow the directions really)

4. During competition make sure that the radio is configured for the competition 
(Bring it up to the main table as they will set the computer up to control during autonomous)
They will also most likely give us a sheet titling us to turn off the wifi and bluetooth connections
only leaving the ethernet (that will be connected during matches) to be connected

5. Launching the robot:
Super easy! 
Open a powershell window in the most recent robot code (steps to open powershell window is in #2)
type in py robot.py deploy
(if you are looking for errors type in):
py robot.py deploy --nc

6. Opening SmartDashboard:
go to the smartDashboard folder in downloads and open a powershell window and then type in:
java -jar smartDashboard.jar

(this can be used to change the speeds of the robot so that we don't break the bot in some
scenarios)
PLEASE NOTE THAT THE REST OF THESE ARE FOR POTENTIAL ERRORS AND ARE MOST LIKELY UP TO DATE

7. Checking to make sure that there is no error with the electronics:
connect with the robot's wifi or connect with ethernet (turning off wifi if ethernet)
open internet explorer
type in: 
(I have yet to remember this, but will change it asap) 
If there is anything missing that is being powered make sure to show a head of electronics

8. Checking the once a year upgrades:
Make sure that each talon is up to date and upgrade with the most recent talon SRX file available
(the most recent is 3.3)

Check that the roborio imaging tool is up to date. This should just be a basic download. 
The most recent is v16

A FINAL NOTE:
I MAY HAVE FORGOTTEN SOMETHING AND I WILL CHANGE THIS AS NEEDED. THESE ARE JUST THE BASIC
THINGS TO CHECK IF ERRORS ARE MADE (THAT ARE NOT DUE TO THE CODE) 





